what do you need as a portier natron
coconut oil or coconut oil sea salt
citric acidity and as
last one form no matter what
a corner of the heart just google yourself
muffin shape but it should be on
best then you are the poland then
you better still need a pot
with half full water and me
then have so much shell because we
what have to heat and I cook
but simply in a water bath
do so if your water reasonably
warm vattenfall is or cooks then
put the stove a bit more colorful and
make coconut fat from your coconut butter
three spoons or 30 grams in the
bowl so next we betray that
just until it melts completely
is
Next take from the food starch
about 6
spoon and little comes right up then
to 100 grams of natron and 50 grams
citroen sa
Now it's time to mull
if it's still a bit too close
you can also liquid one is
little bit of food starch to do but at
It's okay with me now
next you give of yours
animal oils which I noticed
what I did not show you and
yes, there are now 20 droplets approx
and are simply mingled with I have
By the way, orange scent taken and what
you should still be careful that you are not
just any one was allowed to take but
what's really natural or keeps
extra with oil and white comes that
is made because you want it after that
with carriages and yes for perfumed the stuff
Of course we are not so good as we are
ending
Let's add our sea salt and
we simply make compliance
tablespoon of sugar or just like you
it wants to be perceived or felt
easy and of course also stir
by the way, Mehrzad is peeling for so
and just like the skin extra
march 10
so next would just do the things
Form as you can see I already have
Tried and I 'll do one now
half only with the normal and until
others if I mean the same
have food coloring or something
other things will be because I find
It was not clear, then I'll do it
with the food prices and and so on
it is now in the fridge
Unfortunately, I have the
food coloring not found or
my mother took her and
Now I have a short time bought some
and just want to shut it down as before
you just have to work
get silicone mold and then you have yours
ballack co